use `@apostrophecms/stylelint-no-mixed-decl` plugin as an external package (#30)
apostrophecms/stylelint-config-apostrophe: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## UNRELEASED

### Changed

> * Use `@apostrophecms/require-nested-after-include` plugin as an external package.

Author: ```suggestion
* Use `@apostrophecms/stylelint-no-mixed-decls` plugin as an external package.
```
